Hello my name is Emma and in today's video. We
are going to be talking about 3 different things.
OK so we are going to be learning. Some new
vocabulary that have to do with superstition and I'll explain
what superstitions are.
We're going to be learning about culture and western culture
and North American culture.
As well as grammar today, we are going to be
learning about the first conditional so this is a great
video.
Because you are going to be learning a lot by
the end of it, hopefully so let's get started.
First, I want to tell you about superstitions.
I love the topic of superstitions. I think it's very